Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
You know there is so much going on right now.
I'm surprised that the world is able to function in any way possible.
Function?
How can you call this functioning?
17 million people have died in the US.
In the last nine months.
Well. the governments are still trying to keep everything afloat.
Oh that's bullshit.
They're still vying for power. while people like you and me are trying to scrape our next meal together
Look. I get it.
But there is still hope!
In fact
A shipment of cans. fruits. vegetables. meats and it may be the last in the world...
From what I understand...
Is coming here!
And it will be here by the end of the month!
Yeah
And you know how many people are going to die until then?
Millions more.
To everyone out there
Just try to stay alive
The government has foresaken us
Fight
Try to survive
Conserve what little food you have
This could be the end of humanity
Or the end of the world.
By 2019 planet Earth was home to 7.5 Billion people.
You can say that was the burden of 7 billion.
7 billion living organisms who established undisputed dominance
Over an entire planet.
Using and abusing. An apex predator.
Unchallenged.
In the 1950s. the plant entered
what many dub to be the last geological era:
The Anthropocene
A man-made and controlled time.
We scorched the land before us.
We killed off 80% of the species that would never walk the earth again.
We killed each other. and we still spread like locusts.
And then the weather changed. with the weather went the land... and then the animals.
Food became scarce.
Water became polluted.
The rapidly rising temperatures melted the ice caps.
Water levels raised dozens of feet.
Freakish storms littered the lands. here and there.
Where it was cold. it became hot.
Where it was hot. it became cold.
Countries collapsed.
Mass famine ensued.
Some tried to stock the remaining supplies of food.
While others turned simply to cannibalism.
Some. ended their lives.
Right when it all started.
(screaming)
(sirens and gunfire)
I can't.
You can!
Come on!
You have to get up!
No. no! Please go! Just leave!
I'm not going to leave without you!
You have to get up. come on!
Fuck!
Oh shit.
Shit. Fuck.
You're going to be fine.
I can't do it. I can't.
Just a minute.
Just a minute. okay? Just a minute.
We've got to keep going.
Ah shit.
I wish we were in the woods.
Maybe we can hide.
You know. hold up somewhere.
We'll go to the woods and wait it out.
Just a little further.
I doubt there's any doctors left.
You never know.
Okay.
Ah fuck.
Just a little bit.
We have to save it.
We really got out.
We sure did.
I'm just glad we're doing this together.
This whole shit's fucking fucked.
But the fact that we're together.
Gives me hope.
Just a little bit. but...
I'm just glad it worked out.
Me too.
No!
Sam!
Stop!
No!
(screaming)
No! Stop!
(grunt)
Die!
Sam!
(crying)
You still have to survive. Save people.
(sirens)
(crying)
(gunfire)
(laughing)
(crows)
I caught her!
(struggling)
(music)
(grunting. struggling)
God.
Asshole. took her out of the cage. I bagged her up. The least you can do is fucking clean her.
The least you can do is let me have some fun with it.
What I like best about the young ones they taste just like veal
Aye aye.
Oh look what we have here.
If you don't shut the fuck up. I'm going to let my dogs have a bite of you.
(groan)
What a fuck!
Get back here!
(struggling)
Fuck!
Look at this piece of shit. Where the fuck were you?
I fucking hate Christmas.
Shut the fuck up. Fucking decorations.
(dog whining)
(music)
Hand over the bag.
Now! Give it here!
I ain't going to ask twice!
Give me the damn bag!
You've got goodies in there.
Don't you. fuck!
I know you. I know you do!
You're always hoarding for yourself!
Damn. You look good!
Looks like I scored double today!
No more fucking dead corpses for this guy!
Sticking his dick in some cold. dead pussy!
Damn fine
Alright. We do this first.
There better be some goodies in that bag.
Deal?
Now. I don't want you squirming and shit!
You don't do anything to my dick.
You bite it. I'll break your fucking jaw!
(groan)
(gagging on blood)
(blood gurgling)
(music)
(coughing)
(coughing continues)
(music)
(coughing)
No. No. Nothing I can do. No.
Nothing. No.
No. Not my fault!
It's not my fault. No!
No. No! No.
No. Get out of my head!
No. It's not my fault.
No. No. No!
(laughing)
(coughing)
It isn't my fault.
(click)
(coughing)
(coughing continues)
(inaudible)
(music)
(coughs)
(coughing continues)
(coughing. choking)
(gasping for air)
(breaths heavy)
Ugh.
(music)
Water.
Do you have water?
Thank you.
Where you headed?
You should come with me.
Look what happened.
It's not safe for a woman by herself. we should stick together.
Oh son of a fucknut.
We're going to get through this. okay.
Here's the road.Let's go.
Can you do that?
Yeah. I'm good.
Are you sure?
You're not good.
Babe. you see that right there?
We can make it to that mound.
Are you good?
Its alright. Its alright.
A few more steps
Hold on. Hold on.
Almost. Almost.
You need to sit all the way down.
I got you.
Breathe.
I'm going to take my mask off.
Just rest for a sec.
Okay?
Are you good?
Take some breaths.
Breathe for me.
Its hot.
Oh look! A bottle.
Just for you.
I love you.
I love you too.
Drink all of it.
I'm glad we found it.
We going to be there today. I promise.
Okay. ready?
Did that help?
That's better.
See that road? That means some sort of civilization that was there once.
There's probably a building.
I don't even know.
I'm going to go check it out.
I'll be less than 30 minutes. I promise.
Please be safe.
I will be safe. I promise.
Keep this in your bag
Keep your eyes open.
Stay breathing
I will.
Be safe.
Come back.
Hey.
Did you forget something?
What did I forget?
Who are you?
(gagging on water)
(music)
(music continues)
(music intensifies)
Please stop
That won't be necessary. It's just me here.
Hey. why don't you sit down. All right?
Take a break.
Relax. you don't look too well
Okay?
Names John. Not that it matters much.
A name is what? I mean it's all we really have. isn't it?
Kind of sad.
So. um...
Where were you heading?
Where are you going?
I mean.
You're welcome to stay here.
Rest up a while.
You know.
Get a little energy back.
Water
It's not much.
That's pretty much all I've got for you. kid.
But you're welcome to it.
Woah. woah. woah. Easy there.
You might want to conserve that.
Take it easy with that. at least until you get some more.
I'll find more.
Where?
All the creeks are dried up.
There's no water around.
Unless you make it to the lake.
I'm not going to lie to you.
There's cannibals.
Cannibals everywhere.
And they won't hesitate.
Why don't you rest up a bit. you know?
Get comfortable and gather your strength.
You'll need it. kid.
It's Hell out there.
(music)
Jesus kid
You know you talk a lot in your sleep.
Nightmares?
Why don't you come with me we can find water together.
You know. I really appreciate that. kid. But...
I buried two of my own back there. My wife and my kid.
I'll be goddamned if I'm going to leave them.
It's all I have.
I appreciate it. though.
Thanks for the water.
Good luck. kid.
Be careful out there
(music)
I'm sorry. I... I didn't mean that.
I'd never leave you two. I mean...
We have it good here. I mean...
It's our own little place. you know?
She could have stayed if she wanted to.
I'm not going to let her go.
We know what's out there. don't we?
We know what's out there. don't we.
Very dangerous.
Very bad
(laughing)
(coughing)
You want to pass?
You need to give me the water. Give me. Give me! Give me the water!
You no pass. Give me the water!
I don't have anything.
I don't have anything. I'm trying to find water too.
I don't have any water.
I'm sorry.
(coughing)
(music)
(music continues)
(crow cawwing)
(crows)
(music)
(music continues)
(music ends)
(panting)
(vomits)
(gun shot)
Ah!
No!
Oh God!
(laughing)
(crying in pain)
Oh god!
No! No! No! No!
Please! No!
Ah! No!
No. no. no!
Please! Someone help me!
(crying)
Please. no!
(music intensifies)
(gun shot)
Come out!
(vomits)
No! No. no. no. no!
(gun shot)
(laughs)
(laughing)
Catching some people.
Catching some people!
(laughing)
(coughing)
(choking)
(vomits)
(laughing)
Virus.
(whining)
(whimpering in pain)
(screeches in pain)
This virus!
It's killing everyone!
Changing us
Full cycle. Full cycle.
Full cycle.
Ice Age. Dinosaurs. Full cycle!
Full cycle!
Fuck!
Virus! Virus. Virus. Virus!
Killing us all.
Taking our children.
Fuck!
Cycle. Full cycle!
(painful whimpers)
No.
No. no. no. no. no. no. no.
It's okay!
We're fine.
Nature is getting back to itself.
We're all okay.
We're okay.
So thirsty.
Fuck!
I've got to find her.
She has the water.
She's around here somewhere.
(laughing)
(laughing maniacally)
I'm going to get you!
And I'm going to steal your water!
(whimpering in pain)
(music)
(coughs)
I'm so weak.
(music)
(urinating)
(gagging)
(vomits)
(laughing)
I've got you now!
(coughs)
(laughs)
(whine. groans)
(music intensifies)
(groans in pain)
(music)
(music continues)
(music) The Flowers Will Bloom!
(music): The Rose Will Howl!
Captioning by Christopher Burns Jr - 388 Studios